== README
Implementation:
Restricted Access using CanCanCan.
User login using Devise.
User Login through Facebook and Google+
Fetching events from Google Calendar.
Separate Admin Dashboard.
User has ability to create groups and add registered members to it.
User can create posts that members can view
Users can Comment for posts and reply for comments
Comments and replies have been implemented in nested format.
Composed of 3 types of users:1. Regular User 2. Admin User 2. Superadmin

* Ruby version : 2.3.0

* Rails version : 4.2.9

  * Gem File should include
      gem 'rails', '4.2.9'
      Use postgresql as the database for Active Record
      gem 'pg', '~> 0.15'
      Use SCSS for stylesheets
      gem 'sass-rails', '~> 5.0'
      Use Uglifier as compressor for JavaScript assets
      gem 'uglifier', '>= 1.3.0'
      Use CoffeeScript for .coffee assets and views
      gem 'coffee-rails', '~> 4.1.0'
      gem 'devise'
      gem 'cancancan', '~> 1.10'

About:
It is a simple ruby on rails project consisting of following: User registration to access the application.This can be done using facebook,google+ or by signinig up manually.
Then is Group Creation.Group consists of only registered members and it can be public or private type.
Each Group can have several Posts created by members of that group.Post have only title and description.
It is like a discussion forum on a particular topic for the members present in that group.
For discussion,Each group have comment section.Each comments can have reply and those can have further replies.
This way discussion can be carried out within that group on that particular topic.
User Management is as:
Superadmin has full access over app and is create first time when application starts.
This is done because all other user in order to access the app have to get approved by Admin or Superadmin.
Admin and SuperAdmin can access invitation portal through which is they invite new user to sign up.
Regular user can see only welcome page , posts and can comments .